Add a `maintainers` directive (#35083)
LLNL/spack: lib/spack/docs/packaging_guide.rst

In general, you won't have to remember this naming convention because
:ref:`cmd-spack-create` and :ref:`cmd-spack-edit` handle the details for you.

.. _package_maintainers:

-----------
Maintainers
-----------

Each package in Spack may have one or more maintainers, i.e. one or more
GitHub accounts of people who want to be notified any time the package is
modified.

When a pull request is submitted that updates the package, these people will
be requested to review the PR. This is useful for developers who maintain a
Spack package for their own software, as well as users who rely on a piece of
software and want to ensure that the package doesn't break. It also gives users
a list of people to contact for help when someone reports a build error with
the package.

To add maintainers to a package, simply declare them with the ``maintainers`` directive:

.. code-block:: python

   maintainers("user1", "user2")

> The list of maintainers is additive, and includes all the accounts eventually declared in base classes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of maintainers is additive, and includes all the accounts declared in base classes.
```
Or previously

Author: > Any objections to replacing all current usages of maintainers = [...] in packages with the new syntax?

No objections, but I'd do it in a follow-up PR.

Reviewer: Should we add this doc fix though?

> In general, you won't have to remember this naming convention because

Reviewer: There are a few other places this needs to be updated:
```console
$ grep -R maintainers *
contribution_guide.rst:dependencies. Currently, the maintainers manage these branches by
developer_guide.rst:project maintainers, as the tasks described here require maintainer
features.rst:       # maintainers = ["github_user1", "github_user2"]
packaging_guide.rst:       # maintainers = ["github_user1", "github_user2"]
packaging_guide.rst:#. Add a comma-separated list of maintainers.
packaging_guide.rst:   The ``maintainers`` field is a list of GitHub accounts of people
packaging_guide.rst:asked to help maintain this version of the package if the current maintainers
packaging_guide.rst:developers and maintainers provide additional stand-alone tests
```
I believe the SC tutorial also needs to be updated, but that can be done later. We can still support the comma-separated list, but I would be in favor of not documenting it and only documenting the directive. The directive is clearly superior.

Author: There were 2 other mentions of the list. They've been updated now.

:ref:`cmd-spack-create` and :ref:`cmd-spack-edit` handle the details for you.

-----------
Maintainers
-----------

> In Spack, packages can optionally have one or more maintainers. The ``maintainers``

Reviewer: Should probably clarify what a maintainer is and is not. We do this already in the packaging guide but maybe we should copy the text here too.

Author: Moved the description of what a maintainer is here, and reference that description in "Create a New Package"

directive can be used to add them:

.. code-block:: python

   maintainers("user1", "user2")

> The list of maintainers is inherited from parent packages by default, but users can pass

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list of maintainers is inherited from base class by default, but users can pass
```
I think this would be less confusing and is true 99% of the time

Author: Done

the ``reset=True`` argument if they want to restart this list from scratch:

.. code-block:: python

   class CustomFoo(Foo):
      maintainers("user1", reset=True)

In the snippet above, maintainers declared in the `Foo` package will not be part of the list
for the ``CustomFoo`` package.

-----------------
Trusted Downloads

> -----------------

Reviewer: Can we also update `spack create` to use the new template?

Author: Done
